xlii 0000000

So below, 1. 26. David is made to decorate with arms
a very different person from the real one. See the note.

Ibid 1. 21. Α gross blunder is bere tho result cf
copying Wendover’s hesdinge which has proved a
frequent source 01 error. He has “Quod idem impe·
rator regem Francorum et ejus exercitum circumvenit,”
as the heading 01 the chapter, the “ idem imperator ’'
referring 10 Μο0001, emperor of Constantinop103 but
as the chapter begins, “A.D. 1147. Imperator 000-
radus,” our author has taken Conrad for the emperor,
and substituted Ooorcdus for idem. See 0100 p. 87,
0010 ⁴.

p. 68. l. 1. Geoffrey’s accession to Normandy is re-
peated, though in a different form.

p. 71. l. 12. Repetunt for repetivit looks like a
elerical error.

The same page affords an instance of the great
carelessness with which proper names are written, the
anti-pope being called Othoatertus and Othooe‘mrae '
10 two consecutive lines, while soon afterwards, 073,
hc is called 0010010000. ’

070131. Episcopo is added 10 John 01 Oxford's
name.

0. 76. l. 5. “Per quem sacri profusio olei Domino
consecravit.'’ The insertion of per shows it to have
been the author’s intention to change the construo
tion, and use a passive verb. He has however for-
gotten this on coming to the end 01 the sentence.
Below, 1. 33, operta for operatam is a careless error. ι

0. 77.1. 20. “Godefrtdus, comes Britannioe‚” 00
error for (tetfridus.

p. 86. 1. 1. ’100 introduction of ct spoils the 00000

Iullo. 1001001 for reditura 10 perhaps a clerical
error. The sentence at the bottom 01 the page giving
the account 01 Richard‘s seizure of the camele 10 00
instance 01 hopeless confusion produced by clumsy
abbreviation.

 

